WIP: Add `utf8-converter` (#38)
github/rust-gems: crates/string-offsets/README.md

# string-offsets

> Offset calculator to convert between byte, char, and line offsets in a string.

Reviewer: see other comment

Rust strings are UTF-8, but JavaScript has UTF-16 strings, and in Python, strings are sequences of
Unicode code points. It's therefore necessary to adjust string offsets when communicating across
programming language boundaries. [`StringOffsets`] does these adjustments.

> Each `StringOffsets` value contains offset information for a single string. [Building the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `StringOffsets` instance contains offset information for a single string. [Building the data
```

> structure](StringOffsets::new) takes O(n) time and memory, but then each conversion is fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
structure](StringOffsets::new) takes O(n) time and memory, but then most conversions are O(1).
```
